Hello everyone and welcome to a preview
of the Data Projects in this course.
This video is mainly directed to people
considering in enrolling in the course.
If you're already enrolled in this course,
go ahead and skip to the next video for
a more in-depth introduction
to data projects.
In this video we're gonna be doing a quick
overview of the different data sets
we'll analyze in the course.
And how we'll gather insights and
great visualizations from the data.
So in the first project, we'll be tackling
the Kaggle Titanic challenge, and
taking a look at the data there.
So we're gonna be answering
questions along the way,
such as who were
the passengers in the Titanic?
Where the passengers come from?
And what factors helped
someone survive the sinking?
As well as other questions.
And throughout our entire analysis,
we'll be visualizing the data using
Seaborn libraries and also matplotlib.
And as you can see here,
we'll get some pretty nice insights and
data visualizations.
So after we're done analyzing Titanic
data, we'll be going on to the next
project, which is
the Stock Market Analysis project.
In this project, we're gonna be
looking at how we can use Pandas and
Python to get stock information
directly from the web.
And then we'll be answering a couple
of questions along the way,
such as how the price change overtime,
or the daily returns.
We'll look at moving averages and
correlations between different stocks.
And again, the whole time we're gonna be
visualizing the data insights we get.
After looking at correlations,
we'll look at different ways to visualize
correlations between multiple stocks,
as you can get a quick glimpse here.
And furthermore,
we'll look at risk analysis for stocks and
we'll look at how we can measure values at
risk, easy with the Bootstrap method and
also using the Monte Carlo method.
And how we can simulate a bunch of
different stock prices throughout time.
And then the third data project
we'll be looking at Election Data.
Such as polls, and some donation data.
So in this project,
we'll be looking at who was polled, and
what was their party affiliation.
How the poll results changed over
time to favor either Romney or Obama.
This was the 2012 election
that we're looking at here.
And after that, we'll be visualizing
the different poll data that we get,
as well as how sentiment changed overtime.
We'll also look to see if events such as
the debates marked here in this little
visualization change voter sentiment.
After that we will be
looking at donations.
And how different donations changed
between the candidates that were running.
And we will see if we can find any trends
between the donor's occupations or
their party affiliations.
And along the way we'll be
visualizing all of this and
getting some great data analysis and
some great data visualizations.
Great, so that's just a quick,
brief overview of what the data
projects in the course look like.
And I hope you enroll.
Thank you.